CPV update for hidden information (#23)
Juizes-MTG-Portugal/Juizes-MTG-Portugal.github.io: docs/_posts/2024-09-27-multiplayer-addendum-infraction-procedure-guide.markdown

    </ol>
    <p>
      <strong>Philosophy</strong>
    </p>
    <p>
Clear communication is essential when playing Magic. Though many offenses will be
intentional, it is possible for a player to make a genuine mistake that causes confusion and these
should not be penalized harshly.
      </p>
    <p>
A player may commit this infraction in situations where they have not spoken. A physically
ambiguous board state is not automatically a penalty, but judges are encouraged to tell players to
fix ambiguous placements before they might become problematic.
      </p>
    <p>
Misapplication of a shortcut is usually not a Communication Policy Violation, as the default
interpretation applies in ambiguous situations and the opponent is able to act on that shortcut.
Any deviation from a tournament shortcut requires a clear explanation.
</p>
    <p><strong>
Additional Remedy
      </strong></p>
    <p>
A backup may be considered to the point of the action, not the erroneous communication.
</p>
  </blockquote>
</details>

**Policy Additions**

**3.7A. Definition**

> In a Multiplayer Tournament, physically revealing hidden information is allowed in certain conditions (see MAMTR 3.13 Hidden Information). Secretly exchanging hidden information with an Opponent is a Communication Policy Violation (see MAMTR 4.1 - Player Communication).

Author: ```suggestion
In a Multiplayer Tournament, physically revealing hidden information is allowed in certain conditions (see [MAMTR 3.13 Hidden Information](https://juizes-mtg-portugal.github.io/multiplayer-addendum-mtr#313-hidden-information)). Secretly exchanging hidden information with an Opponent is a Communication Policy Violation (see [MAMTR 4.1 - Player Communication](https://juizes-mtg-portugal.github.io/multiplayer-addendum-mtr#41-player-communication)).
```

> In a Multiplayer Tournament, physically revealing hidden information is allowed in certain conditions. Failing to comply to that policy is a Communication Policy Violation. This also includes showing hidden information to a specific opponent while not revealing it to the remaining players.

Author: ```suggestion
In a Multiplayer Tournament, physically revealing hidden information is allowed in certain conditions (see MAMTR 3.13 Hidden Information). Secretly exchanging hidden information with an Opponent is a Communication Policy Violation (see MAMTR 4.1 - Player Communication).
```
